**Introduction**: <br>
    Our project is to find the "best" neighborhood in Pittsburgh based on an arbitrary metric. Our approach was to take a look at where it would be best to be Spider-Man. We wanted something fun that would look into many otherwise unrelated data sets and explore the potential that there could be a real correlation between them. We thought about some others such as the best place to becoem the next Jeff Bezos, but we landed on this one because we decided we liked the sub-metrics the best and thought it would be more fun than the others.
**The Metric**: <br>
    The features that we decided on included a place to train, help with crime rates, and the general need for a superhero. When diving deeper into these metrics, we decided that for training, the number of playgrounds would be best as they are abundant and a great place for your friendly neighorhood spiderman to practice acrobatics as well as web slinging. For help with crime rates, we looked at number of arrests and incident rate in the past 30 days, as any place with a consistently high crime rate could use a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. And finally, for the general need, we decided to go with fire incidents, because while Spider-Man is supposed to help fight bad guys, he can also help save people in need. This was a good metric we found to support helping those in need.
**The Best Neighborhood**:
    Squirrel Hill South <br>
**Conclusion**: <br>
    Connor: The data driven determination is actually the same as my favorite neighborhood. I just visited Squirrel hill last week going to the Ramen Bar and toy shop right next door. The food was really good and the toy shop was really fun to just walk around and look at all the different fidget toys, games, legos, etc. I am surprised that this is the "best neighborhood" because I thought my criteria would be very different than the data in a bad way. My personal criteria is more focused on the look and food options while crime rate made up a large portion of the data. I actually didn't see Squirrely Hill on my top 10 until we brought the data together but it was shocking that it was consistently on all of our top 10s, and around the same place too. <br>
    Ansel: The data led us to Squirrel Hill South which matches up with what my personal preference would be. I am not from Pittsburgh so the main thing I am considering is how the neighborhood looks and I liked the way that Squirrel Hill South looked so that was the obvious choice for me. <br>
    Riley: This data was a little surprising to me. From looking at my data there were other neighborhoods that came before it and I was expecting downtown to really be the best neighborhood in out project. I am not from Pittsburgh but I was expecting the city to be the place that needed Spider Man the most.